
 About two years ago, I saw a video from the youtube channel Better Ideas saying eight daily actions to do to un-fuck your life or eight daily habits to do to un-fuck your life. And it's one of the actually most applicable, simple videos and information I've seen on just having good personal hygiene to make sure the basic is taken care of. And since it's the simplest, more most applicable, more straightforward, and I really felt it was really logical. I thought it was really logical, the recommendation. Then I decided to apply it to my life and to do those eight habits as much as possible because maybe it's the content creator that's as similar a personality as me, but it really resonated with me.

The 8 habits are the following. 1. Cleanse. 2. Sweat. 3. Venture Fort. 4. Order the Kingdom. 5. Monitor your treasury. 6. Remove the hooks. 7. Strategize. And 8. Submit to the things you must do.

cleanse means that. Even if you work from home, make sure you get clean as soon as early as possible and dress up sharp. So you're just gonna feel better and feel like already productive and that you're just gonna feel like a more better person actually or more disciplined person. So it's the basics. It's the basic actually. Sweat means just that go for do some exercise. It really clears your mind. It brings you back and starts your day great. It doesn't have to be at the start of the day but I think it's better as the start of the day. As a guy with ADHD, I think when I do some sports, it really helps me focus a lot better. Venture fort. That's a big one for me. And it means get outside, get seen, see people. And I think it not only as get outside, like go outside, see the sun, else you're gonna be depressed. But because it makes a difference for me, like just for the circadian rhythm, I think it's important to get outside and see the sun and take a walk or see people. But there's also the people side of it that I don't do enough. And for me, that's a big one. So I want to venture for more, not only in terms of going outside meeting people in real life, but also maybe creating stuff and creating content online, like some art, or publicizing and marketing my company and my different endeavors. Because I think that's like right now, I think a lot, I'm kind of a deep thinker. And it's not good to just stay in my own mental loop. I have to share and yeah, so venture fort is big for me. And it's one that's not easy for me. Sweat is kind of easy because I know the, like I build the habit that I do at least 10 minutes a day of exercise. Plans being inside and working from home, it happens that I don't. So I have to be careful. Order the kingdom is a big one also, because when your house or your environment is messy, well for me actually, I really don't think it's a straight. And so now I make it a point to at night make sure all the dishes are clean. Actually during the day, I make sure everything is clean, like most of the time. And I could clean more actually, but because I'm naturally messy. Like organization for me is not natural. Like when I look at my IMTP profile, I say, okay, that's normal. Because my TE cognitive function is not in my mind for cognitive function. So yeah, I tend to be more creative and into abstraction. And I have to like the best way for me to get to clean is when somebody comes up, comes up and there's adrenaline. And I guess I come into my super ego or something and I just become really organized. But I'm like a general stress and organized. So that's the one for Order the Kingdom really important five monetary treasury, I don't do it almost at all. I'm avoiding it. And it's one that is really important. Because my finances are a mess. And just it's because I haven't done that daily monitor my treasury. So I want to focus on monitoring my treasury actually, and remove the hooks also always important being ADHD. My dopamine regulation is messed up. And I can't do I think I know I get addicted. So I've seen that when I delete YouTube and delete marketplace and stop going on my phone, my life is just better. And I'm more productive. And yeah, everything is better. So that's a big one strategize. That's that's actually what I'm doing here. Like this journal, this whole project thing is strategizing. It's being it's it's yes trying to see reality like live consciously. I sort myself get purpose like do have objective aligned with my values. So and iterate on it, get better constantly. So that's why I'm doing and do it like I know the value of it. So I want to do it more actually. But right now that's I think that's pretty good. I can I'm on track on that point and submit to the things you must do. Also a hard one. But I feel how important it is like just when I when things are extremely boring, extremely tedious, like I just don't feel like doing them and not doing them. My kills my momentum. So and when I do them, I feel bad at first when I doing them. But afterwards feel so good. So and so in control of my life. So submitting to the things you must do is and it's also like the integrity of doing all the rest of the things, you know. So like I was supposed to work on my work financials. For the two last days, I haven't done it. I'm avoiding it for sure. So yeah, and yeah, I feel that my I have to be better at that. I will be better at that. Submit to the things I must do it. And it's working. I don't know exactly. I don't remember the science about it. But it's like working right near cortex or something like that. And it gets bigger, it gets better. So yeah, it's the more discipline, the more discipline actually something like that. So yeah, that's it about this background. It's an important part of how I try to do habits I want to have. And how I try to orient my life.