
Okay, so I missed a meeting this morning at 9am because I was actually doing personal things and I didn't look at my calendar. So I'd really like to find a way to integrate Google account to Cloud Co-Work the right way so that my events get added to the dashboard. So I don't forget about them because it wasn't there. The thing I would really want is to have only a dashboard to look at and I would trust it that I've set up the system the right way so it really understood or the priorities were clear and I wouldn't miss anything. Because right now that's the problem. I'm missing a bunch of stuff because I have too many things, too many stuff to manage and it's really hard to prioritize. So I end up in the middle of two things and I can't prioritize so I avoid it because I don't make a decision actually of saying, okay, I'm going to do this and that. And I'm stressed because if I start one thing I'm stressed that the other one is not getting done and if I start the other then it's the first one that's not getting done and then I just go crazy and I just stop working and I avoid it completely. That's a worst outcome. So being conscious of it, first part, I accept it, second part, I'm responsible to change it. Now how do I change it? How do I make the decision? Okay, so yeah, I missed the meeting but I called Larry at around 9.40 and she wasn't mad at her or anything. I still had thought about her problem, what she wanted to talk about and I actually gave her some more information that she didn't even know. So I was way ahead of her in terms of how I understood her needs. So yeah, there's no problem there. No arms, no arm. So I had an appointment for selling a guitar neck from Facebook Marketplace and because of that I went into Facebook and started browsing. I got lost a bit and went into YouTube and watched an hour long video with Alex hormozi and Tony Robbins. Good video but entertainment. I won't make business progress by looking at those things. So I've tried again to make YouTube and Facebook unavailable from my computer but I can always hack it. I don't know how I'll make it impossible to hack it. But anyways, it has to come from me. But the dashboard is still really useful. I'm looking at it right now and yeah, makes a lot of sense. I'll just stop what I'm doing, even journaling and I'll go do what I have to do. Yes, okay, cool.
