
Okay, so big day, but a bunch of distractions. I actually practice music for like almost four hours today, like three hours, thirty at least. Yeah, that's like I don't need discipline to do that. I could do that like all the time non-stop. I'm getting better, getting better, sounding better. I actually opened Marketplace because I was distracted. I wanted to avoid. I was procrastinating. Then I saw like during the day while I was working, I think I was waiting for cloud, for cloud code to finish some programming. And I opened Marketplace and I saw a really good speaker that I was actually looking for. And normally it's like 400 bucks and it was selling for 100 bucks. So I was like, okay, I'll go get it. And I got this plus she was selling a bunch of stuff, but I got this plus a recorder. And I just, yeah, just wasted time. I didn't waste time because I'm really happy with this speaker I get. It's a Auto TS 312. But I'm not supposed to do that. That's kind of a waste of time. Like I'm supposed to work more, get paid more, make more money and just not care about the money I save on Marketplace with stuff I buy on Marketplace. But still, now I have this big, awesome FRFR speaker that's perfect for a band actually. I could do a show with that thing. It's amazing. But yeah, I'm done looking at Marketplace. I really don't need anything else. I'm done. I can't go on Marketplace. I can't go on YouTube. I have to be done. It has to stop to work more actually. I wanted to do at least eight hours today. At least. I did between four hour and a half, maybe four hour or an hour of work. But I'm making more progress than other weeks because of the way I use AI, but I could do the double the progress if I worked, if I was more focused. So okay, I'll work on that. Okay, that's where we're at. It is what it is. I accept it. And good night.