Yesterday I had a band practice with my band, actually, my friends from university. And I had the goal, actually. I told them, okay, this practice, we do a full set as if it was a show. So we have to be ready and do every song perfectly.And it actually went not that bad, but not good. We couldn't have done a show. We would have been ridiculized. Anyways, it would have been bad.I brought a new speaker and a new mixer that I wanted to try. And it didn't really work well in the mix. It didn't sound really good. And I made a lot of mistakes.There was a bunch of... It didn't go well. So I don't know. I was a bit depressed, actually.They started talking when I arrived. They were talking about financial things and their jobs. And it's like my friend, GP, who's my age. He says he can retire if he wants to.Like, he has enough money. He did some really good financial decisions. And he's good. And Philip, he says he has to keep working. But he's really comfortable.And he wouldn't change his job. He hates his job. Or he doesn't like it. But he wouldn't change it because he's too comfortable financially.And I was there. I couldn't say anything because my reality is so different. Like, I'm in debt. And every day is really hard.I don't even like my job. It's like, I don't know why I keep going. So, yeah, it got me a bit depressed. And then I didn't have the energy I wanted during the practice when I was singing.I was not confident, trying hard as I can. And I didn't feel energy from the guys either. I don't know. It was good and bad at the same time. Like, afterwards, I'm like, I'm still hyped to play, to practice, and to get better.But at the same time, I feel a bit depressed. I don't know. I have to process it, I guess. And I took a microdose. Like, JP gave me a microdose of mushroom.Made me feel weird. I was really lost. And I realized how much I was disorganized. And I was out of it.So, it was kind of strange. And I was tired, too. And today, I'm really tired because I didn't sleep much last night. I had a dream that I was meeting, like, friends, surf friends, and friends from Senegal, or people I knew.And they were just passing me by. They were all together. And they didn't really want anything to do with me. So, they were all together.And they hadn't called me. And I felt rejected. Yes, I feel rejected often. At the same time, I talked about it with my girlfriend this morning.And she said, like, you shouldn't be depressed. You're really, like, you're really intelligent. You have a company that just requires you to focus and work more. You can make more money.You're, like, you're intelligent, hardworking when you focus. And really healthy. You have a beautiful family. Everyone's healthy around you. Just keep getting better.And you're going to be okay. And she's right. She's totally right. So, I refocus on what I should be doing, actually. I'm hoping to have a good work day today. I keep my phone away.And I'm really hyped about working with the new CloudBot. CloudBot. Really intrigued. I want to put an hour on that. All right. And I really want to clarify my goals and my thoughts. Where I see my company.Where I see myself. And I want to work two hours on financials. Which I actually like. So, I don't think it's that bad.Oh, yeah. And I have to say, I'm a bit depressed, too. Because I think I lost my life insurance. Because I stopped paying it. I didn't have the money.And I feel like a loser for it. So, I have to call the company and straighten this out. See if I can get it back or something. Cool. Get back on the saddle. Come on. I love myself. Good.