
This new journal thing is great. Really makes me more conscious of how I live and how I use my time. It's getting easier to just stop the distractions and because I know I'm gonna talk about it later, so I'm kind of more accountable with myself. And it's fun because it's kind of a dynamic coach because the coach can change. I can decide to change the AI I'm using and the directive I'm giving it. So yeah, I think it's great. It feels good. More accountable. Feel more responsible. I'm generally happy with my weekend. I didn't waste too much time, although I did waste some time. I didn't waste too much. I played guitar a bunch at least an hour. Kind of wasted time on, but not really. I learned to use my new digital router, a digital mixer actually. And pretty happy with my purchase with my new Alto TS 312. Pretty amazing. I'm reading the book something about 3000 weeks. And it's really making a small difference. It is making a difference. It's just like some background text that's making me more conscious of how I use my time and the sacrifice I need to consciously make and that everywhere I am is my choice and everything I do is actually my choice. Today I am to do maybe four hours of work. If I do four focused hours of work, I'll be happy. Because if I count that I need to go to the band practice, which will take me I'll count an hour. I need to clean up also, which I'll count 30 minutes, then take a shower, get ready at least 30 minutes. That's already two hours. If I want to get there for 430, then yeah, four hours is pretty good. Okay, that's I guess what living consciously is. Let's get to it.