It was hard today. I logged in seven hours of work, but I was way longer at my desk. I looked at a lot of content online. I looked at Facebook, like at least an hour. Some YouTube, I'd say at least an hour. Then I tried to relax and look at the, at fallout for an hour or so. And then I looked at other kind of more adult content for I'd say an hour. So yes. And then I was just restless. I couldn't concentrate. I was stressed and anxious. I'm happy about my seven hours of work though. I did progress. So yes, tomorrow I really have to go outside and go for a walk or a run. I think I really need it. And today I did 10 minutes of exercise. So that's good. I played guitar for at least and sang for at least an hour 30. It got better, but I was a bit depressed of how much work it takes to get good because I didn't feel that good for the amount of work I've put into it so far. But it still feels good when I get the songs right. I have a practice with my band on Monday, next Monday. I think I'm pretty much ready. I think I'm as ready as I can be. You know, I feel it just, I can get better by practicing, but by practicing, but it also takes time because I can't do only that. I'll be totally unbalanced. So I want to practice every day, compound and get really good by consistency. It's just a bit depressing how long it takes. I'm stressed about like at work, trying to organize all my work and make AI organize my work, but there's so much to do that I feel overwhelmed. I'm sure walking will help me tomorrow. Walking or running outside, it will help me. I should really do it every day. Have a good night.
