
I'm sitting down now to start working. This morning, I haven't wasted time at all so far, but I realized that things I have to do just take more time. I went to bring my daughters to school, came back around 10 minutes to 9, then cleaned up the kitchen, which takes 20 minutes. It's way longer than expected. It's emptying the dishwasher, filling it back up and starting it, cleaning all the counters and cleaning pretty much everything. So it's ordered actually. Ordered the kingdom is the practice. Then I did 10 minutes of exercise, that's sweat, and some mobility exercise to get started, get my body started. Then did the robot vacuum and mop maintenance stuff, then set up my office in the basement because my girlfriend works upstairs and I'm dictating most of my work, so it's better if I'm alone. Then I shaved and cleaned up just a little bit around the house just to make sure it's ordered. That's it.

Okay, so I just lost like at least 10 minutes because I got distracted by my girlfriend It really fucking bothers me. It really really bothers me like when I'm working if I get distracted I just forget what I was doing and I go to do something else and that That's ADHD at work But and then I'm pissed off because I got distracted and I'm pissed off when I get distracted when she comes up I'm like, "Can I fucking do my fucking things?" Pissed.

It's already 10.40. I'm stressed because I haven't started working. Things took a lot longer than expected this morning. I really hope I won't be bothered. I'm sure she's gonna come and bother me today. Because now what I want to do is do a four hour flow state session of work. I'm afraid I won't be able to do it because she's gonna come and distract me. And if I ask her politely, nicely, to don't distract me, then she's gonna get angry. Because she says, "I don't want to distract you. Why do you say that?"

Okay, so I can't get back the time that's gone already. No use being angry over that. I have to center. I can be like I did I was productive this morning. It's just that it's productivity around the house and personal things So but it needed to be done. Maybe I could have done it a bit faster, but not sure like I Think I've done it at the speed it needed to get done Maybe I would have gained 10 minutes and all okay, so but I didn't like I didn't procrastinate or do Other things that they didn't need to be done like I want my house to be Ordered in the morning and it has to happen after my girlfriend did all the cooking and all the stuff like and she messes up the The kitchen to do the lunch for the kids. That's it She does like too much things, but she never cleans up sometimes she cleans up and she tells everyone But not every day not constantly It's always a mess in the kitchen and then I come in and I have to clean up after her takes me some time This is me off. I'm pretty pissed off today. I've listened to a YouTube video this morning because I wasn't sleeping. I wanted to get back to sleep and sometimes listening to boring stuff helps It was From Tim Fairfletcher. It's really good. He talks a lot about complex trauma and shame and he says like if I had a small trauma that I didn't feel heard and listened to when I was young I it often develops into shame and sometimes like some Symptoms of that is Like I get really emotional and really angry when I want to get heard instead of just saying it and that's Totally me like I get angry and when I want to get heard when I'm when I feel like it's not going the way I won't I get really impatient and you're really emotional and really angry And I think that's it. I think it's a complex trauma and shame and I'm really glad I found this this guy that talks about it because I Totally relate to what he says. I'm sure it's gonna be constructive and I can just it's gonna help me find It helped me at least found something I can work on by myself Yeah, so I don't think the thing I want to do is like my it's not related at all But my toes are like my feet. They're really really ugly like not not structurally actually but They're in bad condition like I have some athletes some athletes at least foot but I think that's cure because I I use some athletes foot fungicide that worked but my toes I have I Have fungus like from athletes foot in my in my nails And I really need to get working on that so I have all the stuff to not remove the nail but like the beauty salon thing that I can just Actually, I get the nail thinner and put some product in it So that's what I have start doing, but it's gonna take at least at least 30 minutes of work so I have to plan that because It's the minimum of self-care like my nails my toenails are disgusting. I look like Shrek Okay, so now I really want to do four arrows words of Rick nonstop Let's go. I can do it. I'm there for you David. Let's go