
So I wanted to speak in English while doing my journal just to practice my pronunciation because I don't speak it enough. But I'm wondering if it changes something. I might be thinking more in French actually. So would it be better if I just spoke in French for my journal? I don't know just a thought. So having a great weekend, it was too cold outside yesterday for skiing. So my daughters didn't go to teach their ski lessons. Their lessons were canceled. So we redid their rooms. Their room, actually they have one room for both of them. This mounted their bed, their old bed. There was like a bed coupled with a, it was more of a kids, young kids bed. So now they have real double beds. It was a really fun day spending the day with my daughters just doing that, having fun. It was long but we just did the IKEA bed and it took a long time. It took like eight hours. Doing everything and now it's the house is a mess and we have to clean everything up and that's what I'm going to do right now. I have to, I want to practice at least an hour of music as tomorrow. I have my jam with my friends. Today I'm going to take at least, at least four hours of cleaning I guess and I want to do at least also four hours of updating my financial statements and working on budget and working on my finances because right now my finances are really, really, really bad. I have a lot of debt. I'm paying a lot of interest and I feel totally trapped. We're not free. I'm dragging Julie with me and yeah, she's really unsatisfied with our apartment. It's never been a dream of mine of having a house but it's starting to become one actually. It's just that I can't make a decision. It's a few things actually. It's one, I don't have any money because I don't do the things I should be doing at work which is selling a lot more, focus on delivering and selling more and growing the company. That's one and I've been irresponsible with my finances and yeah, I have a lot of debt. So right now there's no way I can afford a bigger apartment or a house. So I guess just I'm kind of afraid and scared. I won't be able to make more money and to afford a house but I have to rise to the challenge actually. I have to make a plan. I have to want to. I really, I'm working on my addiction. I remove the apps from my phone, I removed YouTube, removed Facebook. Yesterday I didn't look at my phone. Feels good. It's really great. I'm gonna do the same thing today and yeah, I'll put some time on my personal finances today just to make sure I have a plan and I can at least not feel a strap and start dreaming and try shit. At least try shit and not get caught by fear. Yeah, if I'm free from internet content and content addiction then I'll have more brain trust to put on personal challenges. On real personal challenges.

I'm really happy I'm doing this journal. It's really making me feel more conscious about my life. So yeah, I guess that's living consciously and integrity too. It's good for acceptance, responsibility, self assertion for sure, and purpose. So it's generally good for self-esteem. Another thing I want to start doing more, because it adds some great effect on me in the past, is 10 minutes mid-station per day. Eventually maybe more, but 10 minutes is going to be good. I'm sure it will make a good difference.