
This Christmas my parents gave us $14,000. They gave me $7,000 and they gave Julie $7,000 and they said they wanted to help us buy a home. But my girlfriend was really uncomfortable with that because she knew my financial situation was too dire for us to think about buying a home together. So she didn't accept the bank transfer from my parents. And now it got passed due. So it kind of, it didn't go through. And my parents were notified that the money wasn't deposited in her bank account. And she told me beforehand and I told her I'd take care of it and I'd talk to my parents and tell them about it. But still makes the situation a bit awkward because I have a, with my mother I think it's going to be okay. It's strange. She's going to say she understands and then she's going to try to convince me that things aren't that way. So she won't understand. She's good at saying something but still trying to convince you about her way of seeing things. She's really good. She likes numbs you into going her way and thinking her way. And yeah, a bunch of things happened that made me understand this. But it took me so long. And with my father it's even worse personally because it makes you feel like you're kind of stupid and this is a stupid reaction. And yeah, he pretty much makes me feel ashamed of myself. And that's always been that way. Like he's good at criticizing and telling you you're not doing the right thing. And so I feel that feeling bubbling up. And I've read a bunch lately about shame and it's called complex trauma from I think it's Tim Fletcher, a psychologist or psychiatrist. And it really struck me and connected with me like that notion because I totally feel that that shame because of complex trauma can become part of my identity. And it's always been like, I've always feel the shame of my of the things that I wasn't doing right. And now I'm seeing it. I'm trying to deconstruct it every time it happens. But it still happens. It's the first reflex. It kind of hits my shell and triggers my shame. And then I look at it, I can take a break and say, no, okay, I don't have to be shameful about that. It's normal. It's like I'm human. Everybody has their weaknesses and I can work on that. And that's great. I'm human. So that's what I'm saying today. But it's still this same thing happens every day because I look at all the things I do that aren't good enough or that I'm not I'm not having success. And it goes I go I go straight to shame. And anyways, I don't want to think about it. Talk about it too long right now because I have to go get to work but still wanted to talk about it a little bit because I have to call my I don't have to call my yeah, I'm going to call my father and tell him about the situation and just be straight with him and tell him no. She wasn't feeling that my girlfriend wasn't feeling comfortable because of my situation. So she didn't know what to do. And I was supposed to talk to them. But yeah, I think it's better if if she just accepts the money and will do what like should put it away and will do what we have to do with it afterwards. So yeah, we'll see. I have to I have to call him actually have to call my my father and my mother and be straight like right now. What I want to do in my life is really be as transparent like when when it's constructive because like I won't I won't be like totally transparent with my competitors and business and tell them oh yeah, we have big money problem and yeah, it's really going bad. So I don't want to give them this information but I can be transparent with my friends and my family like I don't mind I'll be myself and because like I'm going to slip. I realize I'm slipping as I always do when I start rambling. There's one thing that I think will happen with AI is AI is going to be so intelligent that it's going to kind of it's going to be possible to see anybody naked anytime. And by naked, I don't only mean physically naked, but I also mean psychologically naked because I think it's going to build like instantly a psychological profile of every person like right away with their weaknesses and everything. So I think it's better if I accept my weaknesses and I'm upfront about everything all the time because it's going to be that way anyways. So it's better I accept it and I start right now. Anyway, that's just a thing I think is going to happen with the world. So, so yeah, that's how I think I have to to to be to be in in my relationship with people. Anyways, I have to go back to I have to go to work big day at work today. And I have to deliver something for 4pm. So ideally for 12. And I have to deliveries I think actually so we really big day and I have to follow up on a bunch of customers for for a bunch of things actually it doesn't matter I'll talk about it in my other projects but yeah I have a big day. I'm a bit stressed but I think it's good stress. I'll focus on being productive hopefully.