So on Wednesday I worked for almost 10 hours focused really good work and yesterday I don't know if I did two hours I was kind of exhausted and I put a bunch of time on looking at marketplace listening to YouTube videos looking at a bunch of stuff online I did have meetings with client that went well but except of that I wasn't productive I couldn't focus on one thing and when I went to, at one point I wanted to work I thought I would work all evening and then I had something bugging me I wanted to go repair a PA speaker that I thought wasn't working so I decided to go downstairs and repair it and I said well I'm at it I'll just repair another guitar so I worked on a guitar, repaired two guitars yesterday and then finally fixed the speaker but it wasn't really broken it was just a Bluetooth that wasn't working and the speaker is fine so and I practiced a bunch of guitar I practiced same in the end from Sublime for a while yeah at least one hour of guitar practice maybe more and missing around with repairing guitars maybe two hours I didn't even clean up, maybe I cleaned up the kitchen and everything for maybe an hour max the rest of the time was maybe two hours of work, the rest of the time was pretty much wasted I don't even think I journaled, yeah those days are hard when I'm really unfocused and I hadn't slept well so it was harder and I didn't have one thing I really committed non finishing so that didn't help I was always reprioritizing and not committed to anything that's the worst, I just can't decide

I really want to get going with the Moltbot. It's installed waiting for me to send in my journals. So I'm eager and enthusiastic about that. 

So this morning I couldn't sleep like I woke up at five and tried to listen to some boring YouTube videos like in one ear so I could fall asleep back again and I didn't. But it was still a really interesting video about how we're all programmed and we can't really get out of it because it's the way the humans are done. So you have systems in place and habits but most of our habits are in our programming is a link to social behavior and good and bad, subjective good and bad. So like the elites, that's how they get unprogrammed themselves or they don't fall into the program of everyone. And I was talking about elite school, talk more about systems and models and less about morals and good or bad. And most people, they need to stick to one narrative or one opinion and they kind of get stuck into that opinion and it defines them so it's hard to get out of it because you kind of lose yourself in a way. And you feel rejected because you can't have this behavior of always having an opinion and always yeah that's it just always having an opinion and I kind of felt that in my life and I felt I auto rejected myself because of that and this guy was really explaining it like this behavior really well. So I'm actually really glad I listened to it. It's the name of the guy is Prof Chiang Academy J-I-A-N-G Academy and he's a bit out there but yeah I like his thoughts, his thought process and he's actually, this video was actually him saying you can free yourself. He was explaining the process to free yourself from the social conditioning because we're all conditioned and we're all subjected to our habits and we can't really get out of that but if you're conscious you can kind of reprogram in reprogram yourself but you have to be conscious also of the side effects of this which can just make you feel rejected and make you feel more alone. So phase one it's 30 days so it's four weeks. First week suspend moral reflexes, practice delay judgment of information as good or bad or good or evil. It creates a discomfort because moral certainty helps manage anxiety so that creates some anxiety and discomfort. Phase two days eight to fourteen replace opinions with models instead of asking who is right ask how systems function, remove villains from explanations and focus on incentives and structural design. Phase three 15 day 15 to 21 detach identity from belief, be willing to discard positions without self-collapse. Actively experiment with holding opposite positions to separate who you are from what you believe. Phase four practice strategic silence, reduce expressing opinions and signaling values. Observe without participating in moral performances and get comfortable with others discomfort when you don't signal. I think I've tried to do that but the last point I think I naturally tried to do that for a bunch of my life but it didn't feel good and that's why I kind of feel rejected. I reject myself but it's good to have a kind of a framework and to to see this as a as a system and as a practice instead of just doing it instinctively and not having the words to explain why I was feeling this discomfort of having to to express my values my moral values. And he says that the outcomes and costs are you feel more free but it creates a awareness of programming it comes at the cost of comfort belonging simple stories and can strain relationships. Awareness does not make you happier ignorance it often is bliss 

so yeah I did that this morning listen to this and afterwards I I journaled actually for an hour about my financial  history because I want to build a background and journal for  moltbot to start being my assistant and understand me better.